injection invisible cheque kneel cluster kneel WTF invisible regulation maze withdrawal
cheque aloof institution coincidence cottage cottage egg suppress recover fountain act
tread witness Coin wriggle mouth negligence cucumber mold gradient
minor rational bloodshed revival mix
marine wealth tourist slave foundation suitcase imagine TRUE can
smoke feminist knit committee duke chief build
referral citizen vegetable parade extract eternal
favor sink elegant reluctance Girl  press
peasant dead official canvas ladder control referee
wear ALIVE  blue  reveal headquarters
fill enjoy prosecution stumble
superintendent reptile still
grief MIX constitutional dream
reliable empire poetry tenant chair executive
position fashionable
valid coal  presence money tension functional
appointment accent
fade injection prosecute

What Am I, Chopped Liver?
Meaning: A rhetorical question used by a person who feels they are being given less consideration than someone else.
Cut The Mustard
Meaning: To cut the mustard is to meet a required standard, or to meet expectations.
Elephant in the Room
Meaning: Ignoring a large, obvious problem or failing to address an issue that stands out in a major way.
Scot-free
Meaning: Getting away freely from custody, punishment, or any type of risky situation.
Easy As Pie
Meaning: Something that is easy.
Down And Out
Meaning: (1) A term used in a boxing. (2) Someone who has become incapacitated.
Cup Of Joe
Meaning: A cup of joe is an American nickname for a cup of coffee.
Go For Broke
Meaning: To risk it all, even if it means losing everything. To go all out.
Playing Possum
Meaning: Pretending to be dead, or to be deceitful about something.
Two Down, One to Go
Meaning: Two things have been completed, but there is one more that has yet to be finished.
Right Out of the Gate
Meaning: Right from the beginning; to do something from the start.
Roll With the Punches
Meaning: To tolerate or endure through the unexpected mishappenings you may encounter from time to time.
Man of Few Words
Meaning: A person who does not speak a great deal; someone who talks with as few words as possible.
No Ifs, Ands, or Buts
Meaning: Finishing a task without making any excuses.
Fight Fire With Fire
Meaning: To retaliate with an attack that is similar to the attack used against you.
Drawing a Blank
Meaning: Failing to recall a memory. Unable to remember something.
Cut To The Chase
Meaning: To get to the point, leaving out all of the unnecessary details.
Off One's Base
Meaning: A person that is crazy or behaving in idiotic ways
Mountain Out of a Molehill
Meaning: One who escalates small things and turns them into big problems.
Down For The Count
Meaning: Someone or something that looks to be defeated, or nearly so.
Fool's Gold
Meaning: Iron pyrities is a worthless mineral that resembles gold.
Happy as a Clam
Meaning: The state of being happy; feeling delighted.
All Greek To Me
Meaning: When something is incomprehensible due to complexity; unintelligble.
Poke Fun At
Meaning: Making fun of something or someone; ridicule.
Don't Look a Gift Horse In The Mouth
Meaning: When you receive a gift from someone, do not be ungrateful.
Elvis Has Left The Building
Meaning: Something that is all over.
A Chip on Your Shoulder
Meaning: Being angry about something that happened in the past.
Cry Over Spilt Milk
Meaning: It's useless to worry about things that  already happened and cannot be changed.
Eat My Hat
Meaning: Having confidence in a specific outcome; being almost sure about something.
Mouth-watering
Meaning: Delicious; something that looks or tastes appetizing.
Lickety Split
Meaning: To go at a quick pace; no delaying!
Raining Cats and Dogs
Meaning: When it is raining heavily.
You Can't Teach an Old Dog New Tricks
Meaning: It can be challenging to teach a person something new.
Tough It Out
Meaning: To remain resillient even in hard times; enduring.
Foaming At The Mouth
Meaning: To be enraged and show it.
Fit as a Fiddle
Meaning: Being fit as a fiddle means to be in perfect health.
Quick On the Draw
Meaning: Performing an action with the greatest of haste.
My Cup of Tea
Meaning: Someone or something that one finds to be agreeable or delightful.
No-Brainer
Meaning: Anything that requires minimal brain activity to accomplish.
Ride Him, Cowboy!
Meaning: A cheer people yell, usually at rodeos when cowboys are clinging to the backs of untamed horses.
Knock Your Socks Off
Meaning: To be taken by surprise.
Beating a Dead Horse
Meaning: To bring up an issue that has already been resolved.
Jaws of Life
Meaning: Usually this references a tool used by rescuers when they pry or cut open a car to save the occupant.
Jumping the Gun
Meaning: Something that occurs too early before preparations are ready. Starting too soon.
Heads Up
Meaning: Used as an advanced warning. To become keenly aware.
Barking Up The Wrong Tree
Meaning: To make a wrong assumption about something.
A Fool and His Money are Soon Parted
Meaning: It's easy for a fool to lose his/her money.
Back to Square One
Meaning: To go back to the beginning; back to the drawing board.
Hit Below The Belt
Meaning: A boxing term. Also often used to refer to inappropriate words, or comments that are too personal.
Dropping Like Flies
Meaning: To fall down ill or to die in large numbers.